[DOCS-1166][DOCS-880][DOCS-1167][DOCS-1168] Update automation docs (#1084)
wandb/docs: content/guides/core/automations/create-automations/slack.md

  default:
    identifier: create-slack-automations
    parent: create-automations
title: Create a Slack automation
weight: 1
---
{{% pageinfo color="info" %}}
{{< readfile file="/_includes/enterprise-only.md" >}}
{{% /pageinfo %}}

This page shows how to create a Slack [automation]({{< relref "/guides/core/automations/" >}}> ). To create a webhook automation, refer to [Create a webhook automation]({{< relref "/guides/core/automations/create-automations/webhook.md" >}}) instead.

At a high level, to create a Slack automation, you take these steps:
1. [Add a Slack integration]({{< relref "#add-a-slack-channel" >}}), which authorizes W&B to post to the Slack instance and channel.
1. [Create the Slack automation]({{< relref "#create-slack-automation" >}}), which defines the [event]({{< relref "/guides/core/automations/automation-events.md" >}}) to watch for and the channel to post to.

## Connect to Slack
A team admin can add a Slack destination to the team.

1. Log in to W&B and go to Team Settings page.
1. In the **Slack channel integrations** section, click **Connect Slack** to add a new Slack instance. To add a channel for an existing Slack instance, click **New integration**.

>     If necessary, sign in to Slack in your browser. When prompted, grant Weights and Biases permission to post to the Slack channel you select. Read the page, then click **Search for a channel** and begin typing the channel name. Select the channel from the list, then click **Allow**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If necessary, sign in to Slack in your browser. When prompted, grant W&B permission to post to the Slack channel you select. Read the page, then click **Search for a channel** and begin typing the channel name. Select the channel from the list, then click **Allow**.
```
